We have developed an analog CMOS low-power silicon nerve membrane circuit that is configurable to Class I and II after fabrication. By circuit simulation, its ability to produce proper neuronal activities and configurability to Class I and II were validated, and its power consumption was evaluated to be lower than 3.5 nW. This circuit is equipped with the nullcline drawing function, which helps us to find appropri- ate parameter voltages that accomplish required mathematical structures under fabrication mismatch for each silicon neuron instance. Thus, we can expect that in circuit experiments the parameter voltages which fit these simulation results including power consumption will be found. Its circuit model is a qualitative one and the range of v is different from those in general neuronal cells. For construction of the hybrid systems between silicon neuronal networks and the nervous system, this difference has to be compensated. Because chemical synapses convert the membrane potential to the amount of transmitter release, it can be performed by using silicon synapse circuits whose conversion function is adapted to each of the silicon and the biological neurons. According to kinetic models of chemical synapses, the time period of transmitter release is extended by larger spikes. Spikes of our silicon neuron circuit can be converted to transmitter release time in the same manner, which can be represented by asynchronous digital pulses. They are able to be transmitted via address event representation (AER) buses if they are translated into two events; rising and falling edges. We already have finished layout design of this circuit. It’s footprint is about 150 µm by 300 µm. In the future works, we are expanding our circuit to a silicon neuron that is capable of generating autonomous bursting and spike-frequency adaptation in the similar manner as to our previous works [10], [11]. Then on-chip parameter- voltage holding circuits and synaptic circuits will be integrated.